Bartender: Last orders, please.
Liz: Shaun. Yeah?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, totally.
I know he's your best friend,
but you do live with him.
I know.
It's not that I don't like ed.
Ed, it's not
that I don't like you.
It's all right.
It'd just be nice if we could...
Fuck.
Spend a bit more time together.
Bollocks.
Just the two of us. Cock it.
It's just with ed here, it's no wonder
I always bring my flatmates out,
and then that only
exacerbates things.
What do you mean?
Well, you guys
hardly get on, do you?
No, what does "exacerbate" mean?
It means to make things worse.
Right, right.
Well, I mean, it's not that I don't
like David and di, you know.
Guys, it's not
that I don't like you.
It's all right.
And it's not that I don't want to
spend time with you, 'cause I do.
It's just ed
doesn't have too many friends.
Can I get any of you
cunts a drink?
Anybody? Both: No, thank you.
I know friends
are important to Shaun,
but you do actually have to set
some quality time
aside for yourselves.
Yeah, I mean daffs
is always taking me
to see these listed buildings,
and, you know, I'm always
dragging him to the theater.
I'm not so hot on theater.
Dianne: Well, how about
a nice meal?
It's your anniversary
soon, isn't it?
It was last week.
Oh. Did you do anything special?
We came here.
Ed: Shaun. Hog lumps.
Shaun, what I'm trying to say is
I need something more,
more than spending every
night in the Winchester.
I want to get out there
and do more interesting stuff.
I want to live a little.
I want you to want
to want to do it, too.
Listen to me. I'm beginning
to sound like your mum.
Not that I'd know
what she sounds like.
You still haven't met his mum?
Not yet.
Don't you get along
with your mum, Shaun?
No. It's not that I don't
get on with her...
Are you ashamed
by your mum, Shaun?
No, I love my mum.
I love his mum. Shaun: Ed!
She's like butter. Ed!
Both: Shaun! Guys.
Look, I understand what you're
trying to say, okay, and I agree.
We should get out there.
We'll start tomorrow.
All right,
I'll book a restaurant,
you know, the place
that does all the fish.
Just the two of us.
Things will change, I promise.
Really, Shaun?
Bartender: Time, gentlemen.
Man on jukebox: This
town is coming like a ghost town
Shaun?
Male voice on TV: Player two
has entered the game.
Haven't you got work?
Male voice on TV: Player two
has left the game.
You do know the front door
was open again last night.
I'm not saying it was you.
I know, man.
I'm saying it was ed. Right.
I can't live like this.
I mean, just look
at the state of it.
We're not students anymore.
Pete, just...
I mean, it's not like
he even brings
any real money into the house.
Well, he brings a bit.
What, dealing drugs?
Oh, he sells a bit of weed
every now and again, you know.
You've sold puff.
Yeah, once. At college. To you.
Well, look, I've known him since
primary school, you know.
I like having him around,
he's a laugh.
What, because he can impersonate
an orangutan? Fuck-a-doodle-doo.
Oh, leave him alone.
All right, I admit he can be
pretty funny on occasion.
Like that time we stayed up all
night drinking apple schnapps
and playing tekken 2.
Oh, yeah.
When was that?
That was five years ago.
When's he going home?
Hey, man, listen... top left.
Uh-huh.
I was gonna say... reload.
I'm on it.
Since... nice shot. Thanks.
Two seconds.
You all right, noodle?
Hello, mate, got anything?
No, man. But eball
says you was holding.
I ain't got nothing. What? You
ain't got nothing at all?
Listen... ed,
since you're not working
at the moment,
could you please clean up a bit?
Yep.
And if you play
the answer machine,
could you take down everyone's
messages, not just your own?
Yep.
It's not that taxing, is it?
Writing something
on a little scrap of paper?
Nope. Right.
Pete: Dom, hi...
Come on, it was pretty funny.
I ain't doing nothing for him.
Well, do it for me, then.
I'm sorry, Shaun.
It's all right.
No, no. I'm sorry, Shaun.
Ohl
oh, my god, that's rotten.
I'll stop doing them
when you stop laughing.
I am not laughing, I'm going.
Get that. You get it.
Liz: Hello, Shaun, it's me.
Look, I'm gonna be
a bit tied up today,
so when you book the table, can you
make it 8:00 rather than 7:007?
I'll try you at work.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey! You're dead.
Spare some change,
please, mister?
Yeah.
Watch out. Are you blind?
Man on radio: The American
deep space probe omega six,
due to return
to earth this weekend,
has unexpectedly re-entered earth's
atmosphere over south-east england
and broken apart over what's
believed to be a populated area.
Nelson?
Hello, my friend. No beer today?
No, it's a bit early for me.
Shaun: Gather round, everyone.
Gather round, please.
Gather round.
Now, as well as
Mr. sloman being off today,
I'm afraid ash is feeling a
little bit under the weather.
So, I will be
taking charge, as the...
Oldest.
Senior staff member.
So, if we can all just pull
together, I know that...
Hello? Hello, mate.
Noel... l was totally
munted last night.
Yeah, I spoke to him.
He's only got Henry.
All right, mate. Laters.
Man: Laters.
Continue.
Thank you.
As Mr. sloman always says, "there's no
'l' in team but there is an 'l' in pie.
“In... there's an'l'
in meat pie."
The anagram of "meat" is "team."
I don't know what
he's talking about.
Look, that's it. And, Noel, phones off,
yeah? It's not a social gathering.
All right,
keep your hair on, grandad.
Hey, hey, whoa. I'm 29 for Christ's sakes.
How old are you? 20? 21?
Seventeen.
Hey, well...
Look, I know you don't
wanna be here forever.
I got things
I wanna do with my life.
When?
You got red on you.
Noel: Hello, mate.
This one comes with a basic,
sort of, digital package.
You've got your lifestyle
channels there, a bit of Trisha.
You've got entertainment...
I don't know what that is.
News. All the basic
news channels.
Coming after me like this...
Female reporter: Believed
to be caused by exposure...
Noel: Shaun.
Yeah, I'm with customers.
It's your dad.
He's not my dad,
he's my stepdad.
Philip.
Shaun.
I trust you haven't forgotten
about tomorrow.
No. Your bi-monthly visit.
No, I haven't forgotten.
Perhaps you could
bring the flowers
you forgot to bring Barbara
on mother's day.
I was gonna.
And not a cheap posy
from a garage forecourt.
I wasn't gonna.
Well, we look forward
to seeing you tomorrow, then.
Okay.
You've got red on you.
I thought you said this
wasn't a social gathering?
What?
How comes you're allowed
to speak to your dad?
A, he's not my dad, okay?
He's my stepdad.
And b, it was an emergency.
What, like buying
your mum some flowers?
Noel, no matter
what you might think, okay,
I do not find it difficult
to keep my work
and my social life separate.
Shaun. It's Liz for you.
Hello. L1z: Hello, it's me.
Hello. Just quickly, did
you get my message?
Yep.
Oh, so it's all okay, then? Yep.
8:00, the place
that does all the fish?
Yeah.
Oh, cool, well, that's great.
Just ring me later.
Goodbye, Liz.
Bye. Bye, bye, bye.
Liz from head office.
It's nothing to panic about.
Sir? Sir?
Sorry. They're for my mum.
"To a wonderful mum"
or "pow! Super mum"?
The first one. Right.
Oh, my god! Jesus!
Shaun! Yvonne.
How are you doing? Surviving.
So, are you living round here?
Um, yeah, are you?
Yeah, I've just bought
a place, actually.
Bought?
I know, bit grown up, eh?
Are you still with... Liz.
That's great.
Glad somebody made it.
How long's that been now?
It's three years ago
last week, actually.
Did you do anything special?
Well, we're going out
for a meal tonight, actually.
Oh, anywhere nice?
Yeah.
Come on!
Are you gonna thank me, then?
For what?
Tidying up.
Well, it doesn't look that tidy.
Well, I had a few beers
when I finished.
Man on phone: Hello, fulci's.
Can you hold, please? Yeah.
Do you want your messages? What?
Well, your mum rang about
going round tomorrow night.
And then Liz rang about the two
of you eating out tonight.
And then your mum rang back to see
if I wanted to eat her out tonight.
What? Hello, fulci's.
Yeah, hi.
I know this is really
short notice and everything,
but could you possibly do me a table
for two for tonight at about 8:00?
No, sorry, we just gave
away the last table.
God!
Wasn't true about your mum.
What am I gonna do?
Where are we gonna go?
The Winchester. Don't be stupid!
They don't do food.
There's a breville out back.
John'll do you a toastie.
Ed, this is serious!
Hello. Liz: Hello, it's me.
Hello.
So, what's the plan, then?
Yeah, there's been a bit of a
mix-up with the table, babe.
What do you mean?
They're... they're full up.
But I thought you said
it was all okay!
Yeah.
You didn't book it,
did you, Shaun?
No.
So, what is the plan, then?
The Winchester?
Dianne on speaker: Hello.
Dianne, can you
let me in, please?
I'm not sure
this is the best time, Shaun.
Oh, come on.
David: Lizzie doesn't want
to see you, Shaun. Go away.
Just open the door!
She doesn't want
to see you, Shaun.
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to go...
Do you want me
to climb up the wall,
come through the window?
'Cause I will.
You're not coming in.
I... all right. See you in a minute.
Don't...
Shaun: Hi, it's me again.
Liz, can we just talk about this?
You know, let's go out.
What, to the Winchester?
Well... do you want to?
No, I don't fucking want to!
Okay.
I just thought, you know...
It's not the only place
in the world, Shaun!
Well, we could go to the Shepherd's,
then, they do thai in there now.
I'm going out with David and di.
Well, let's all go together.
What, you hang out
with my friends?
Sorry, a failed actress and a twat?
Well, that's harsh.
Your words. I did not call
dianne a failed actress.
Let's just go out, you know.
Let's just go out somewhere
and have a laugh.
Things'll be fine, I promise.
You promised you'd stop
smoking when I did.
What... you promised you'd
go back to the gym!
I... you promised you'd
try drinking red wine
instead of beer! Well...
You promised you'd come
on holiday with me.
We went to Greece, didn't we?
We met in Greece.
At a rave.
It's just not the same.
You promised things
would change.
You promised
you'd get us free cable.
I'm working on that. Okay.
Well, I can give up smoking.
I can give up whenever I want.
Look, see. Don't need them.
What was the next one?
It's not enough, Shaun.
Basically, I'd say
your nine lives are up, Shaun.
Get fucked, four-eyes!
Why don't you go out with her,
you love her so much?
What do you mean by that?
Male reporter on TV: The
devastation really is extensive.
It really is a total mess.
I don't know
what he meant by that.
Shaun: Got you these.
To a wonderful mum?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's because
I thought it would be funny
because of what you said last
night about me, you know,
you don't wanna be
my mum and that,
and it's just a little joke.
It's something I just thought
of, spur of the moment.
They're for your mum, aren't they?
Yeah.
Smooth.
Look, if I don't do something,
I'm gonna end up in that pub,
every night,
for the rest of my life,
like those other sad old fuckers,
drinking myself to death,
wondering what
the hell happened.
What do you mean,
"do something"?
Fuck her!
You got your pint. You got your pig snacks.
What more do you want?
Oh. Your favorite monkey?
Shall I do Clyde?
See, I knew you'd get over her.
Who the hell put this on?
It's on random.
Ah, for fuck's sake.
John, yes, please, mate.
You know what we
should do tomorrow?
Keep drinking. We'll have a
bloody Mary first thing.
Have a bite at the king's head,
couple at the little Princess,
we'll stagger back here
and bang,
we're back at the bar for shots.
How's that
for a slice of fried gold?
No. Come on, man.
Talk to me.
She said if she stayed with me,
she'd end up
coming in here, every night,
for the rest of her life, like these sad
old fuckers, drinking herself to death,
wondering what
the hell happened.
That is harsh. These are rich,
interesting characters.
Like who?
Snakehips. Always surrounded by women.
He's a bigamist.
Strangled his first wife
with a draught excluder.
And he invented
the mobile disco.
Well, what about her, then?
Cockacidal maniac.
She's an ex-porn star.
She's done it all.
They say she starred in the world's
first interracial hardcore loop.
Café au lait.
Pour vous.
Yeah. What about John, then?
He's north London mafia.
It's true, big al says so.
Yeah, well, big al also says
dogs can't look up.
Think about it. Handy with a blade.
Gruff demeanor.
Bernie, the trophy wife.
He's connected.
Why do you think
there's a rifle above the bar?
'Cause the pub's
called the Winchester.
Exactly.
See, you don't need Liz
to have a good time.
Oh, ed, don't, man.
No. Look at me.
Can I just say one more thing?
I'm not gonna say, you know,
"there's plenty more fish
in the sea."
I'm not gonna say,
"if you love her let her go."
And I'm not gonna bombard you
with clichés.
But what I will say is this,
"it's not the end of the world."
Sorry, we're closed.
Pisshead.
Bass bass
white lines. White lines.
Visions, dreams of passion
visions, dreams of passion
blowing through my mind
and all the while
I think of you. I think of you.
High... high...
What's wrong,
haven't you had your tea?
Something something
of a phenomenon, baby
telling my body to come along
'cause white lines
blow away blow away
blow
get higher, baby
get higher, girl
What's he doing?
He should say "bass."
Or "freeze."
What a tit.
You wanna dance?
Hey, don't scratch it! Wait.
That was the second album
I ever bought!
It's 4:00
in the fucking morning!
It's Saturday!
No, it's not.
It's fucking Sunday,
and I've got to go to fucking
work in four fucking hours,
because every other fucker in my
fucking department is fucking ill!
Now can you see
why I'm so fucking angry?
Fuck, yeah! Hey.
Pete, look, I'm...
You know, I'm sorry.
We just...
We've had a couple of drinks.
We split up with Liz tonight.
Just keep it down, yeah?
Prick.
What was that? Nothing.
No, no, no, come on, stop it.
We're friends!
He's not my friend.
He's a fucking idiot!
What's that supposed to mean?
It means,
why don't you fuck off?
You wanna live like an animal,
go and live in the shed,
you thick fuck!
Oh, leave him alone!
Stop defending him, Shaun!
All he ever does
is hold you back!
Or does it make your life
easier having someone around
who's more of a loser than you?
What's that supposed to mean?
You know what I mean.
I assume it was Liz
who did the dumping?
Sort your fucking
life out, mate!
What's up with your hand, man?
I got mugged
on the way home from work.
By who?
I don't know, some crackheads or something.
One of them bit me.
Why did they bite you?
I don't know.
I didn't stop to ask them!
Now, I've got
a splitting headache
and your stupid
hip-hop isn't helping.
And the front door
is open again!
It's not hip-hop.
It's electro. Prick.
Next time I see him, he's dead.
Liz: Hello, Shaun, it's me.
Look, I'm gonna be
a bit tied up today,
so when you book the table, can you
make it 8:00 rather than 7:007?
I'll try you at work.
Bye, bye, bye.
Barbara: Hello, pickle.
It's me, mum.
Dad said he saw you
in town today
and mentioned you might be
visiting tomorrow,
which would be lovely.
Will you be bringing Elizabeth
with you this time?
Only, we can't wait
to meet her finally,
and also, I was wondering if she
wanted anything special for lunch.
'Cause these days
lots of people don't eat meat.
Do you want anything
from the shop?
Cornetto.
Nelson, have you got any papers?
Nelson? I haven't even...
I owe you about fifteen p.
Oh, dear.
Sorry, I haven't got any change.
I didn't even have enough
at the fucking shop, so...
Oh, dear.
Although no-one official
is prepared to comment,
religious groups are calling
it judgment day. There's...
Panic on
the streets of London...
As an increasing number
of reports of...
Sports commentator:
Serious attacks on...
People,
who are literally being...
Narrator: Eaten alive.
Eyewitness reports are sketchy.
One unifying detail seems to be
that the attackers in many
instances, appear to be...
Dead excited
to have with us here,
a sensational chart-topping...
Or ideological connection between
those committing the atrocities,
and perhaps, more alarmingly...
Ed: There's a girl in the garden.
Their behavior.
What?
In the garden, there is a girl.
The armed forces
will be called in
to provide back-up
and assistance.
Scientists are still
trying to establish
the cause and nature
of the phenomenon.
Excuse me.
Hello.
What are you doing?
Oh, my god.
She's so drunk.
How much have you had, love?
Oh, I think she likes you.
Shut up.
I think she wants a cuddle.
Listen, I'm serious. I've just
come out of a relationship.
Ed, do something. Wait there.
Ed! Two seconds.
Jeez, look, I'm really flattered and
everything, really, but I just...
And hold it there.
Ed, just get her off me! Jesus!
Whoa. What's up with her eyes?
What's up with her eyes?
Now seriously, Mary,
I'm warning you, okay.
I'm gonna have to get physical.
I mean it!
This is it. I'm gonna...
Look, just fuck off!
I think we should go
back inside.
Okay.
Shaun, what's going on?
Shit, it's engaged.
How about an ambulance?
It's engaged, ed.
Fire engine?
It's one number, ed,
and it's busy. Okay?
What do you want
a fire engine for, anyway?
Anything with flashing lights,
you know.
Are they still out there?
Yeah. What do you think
we should do?
Have a sit down?
There are reports
of chaos on the motorways
as thousands of people attempt
to flee the cities.
The m1, the m3, m4, m6...
Do you think
this is the same thing?
And m68 are all at a standstill.
The home office
has issued a statement
urging people to stay
in their homes
and await further instruction.
Ensure all residences are secure
with all doors and windows firmly
locked and barricaded. Police...
Fucking hell!
Shaun: Oh, for god's sake.
Oh, he's got an arm off!
Get him!
Yeah.
Male reporter: More reports just
in confirm that in all cases
the attackers seem slow
and shambolic.
I'm gonna shut the front door.
Receive information
from the home office,
regarding the best way
to neutralize the attackers.
In the meantime, contact with these
assailants is highly inadvisable.
Did you see his head go?
If you're confronted
and have the opportunity
fo escape,
it is suggested that you do so
as quickly as possible.
We should get out there.
No, no, no, no,
we should stay inside.
Come on, we can take them.
But the man said
to stay indoors.
Oh, fuck the man.
Look, as long
as they're out there
and we're in here, we're safe.
Officials suggest that
in extreme circumstances,
the attackers can be stopped
by removing the head
or destroying the brain.
I'll repeat that, by removing the
head or destroying the brain.
Hey.
Aim for the head.
Well, now what? We'll
have to get more stuff.
What's in the shed?
I don't know. It's locked.
Why is it locked?
It's always been locked.
Well, you know, we're gonna...
On.
No, no, that's the second
album I ever bought! Don't!
Now, some of these
are limited...
What was that? What was that?
I think it was blue Monday.
Man, that was
an original pressing.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Purple rain? No.
Sign o' the times?
Definitely not.
The Batman soundtrack? Throw it.
Okay. Oh, dire straits?
Throw it.
The stone roses? No.
Sade? That's Liz's.
Yeah, but she did dump you. Oh.
Oh, fuck this.
I'm going to the shed.
I thought you said
it was locked.
Which one do you want?
Girl or bloke?
The first one.
Male reporter: In all
cases, people receiving bites
have experienced
headaches and nausea,
and developed symptoms
similar to those displayed...
You've got red on you.
By their attackers.
If you know someone
who has been bitten,
it is absolutely essential
that you isolate
them immediately.
The public are being strongly
advised not to approach anyone...
Pete?
Why don't we just go up?
Oh, no, don't go up there.
Why not? Because a, he
might be one of them.
And b,
he might still be annoyed.
Pete?
Maybe he went in to work.
How come he didn't drive?
His keys are still here.
Well, maybe he got a lift.
He said he wasn't
feeling very well.
Pete?
Prick!
He's not in. He's not in.
You got a fag?
No, I've given up.
Since when? Since...
Come on, babe.
Oh, she's engaged.
That was quick.
Ed, this is serious!
Liz! Barbara: Shaun.
Mum! Hi. I was gonna call you.
Are you okay?
Yes. Yeah, well, are you sure?
Some men tried to get
into the house.
Well, are they still there?
I'm not sure.
We've shut the curtains.
Well, did you try the police?
Well, I thought about it.
Well, are you okay?
Did they hurt you?
No, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Mum? Well, they
were a bit bitey.
Mum, have you been bitten?
No, but Philip has.
Oh, okay.
Has she been bitten?
No, Philip has.
Oh, okay. Listen, mum, what
sort of state is he in?
Oh, he's fine.
Bit under the weather.
I see. What's the deal?
We may have to kill my stepdad.
Listen, mum, sit tight, okay?
You're not safe there.
We're coming over.
I don't want to cause a fuss.
We're coming
to get you, Barbara!
So, what's the plan?
Right.
Shaun: We take Pete's car,
we drive over to mum's.
We go in.
We take care of Philip.
I'm so sorry, Philip.
Then we grab mum.
We go over to Liz's place.
Hole up, have a cup of tea.
And wait for all this
to blow over.
Why have we got to go to Liz's?
Because we do.
She dumped you!
I have to know
if she's all right.
Why? Because I love her!
All right, gay.
I'm not staying there though.
Why not?
If we hole up, I want to be
somewhere familiar.
I want to know
where the exits are,
and I wanna be allowed to smoke.
Okay.
Take Pete's car,
go round mum's. Go in.
Deal with Philip. Sorry, Philip.
Grab mum, go to Liz's, pick
her up, bring her back here,
have a cup of tea, and wait
for all this to blow over.
Perfick.
No, no, no, no, no, wait,
we can't bring them back here.
Why not? Well, it's not
exactly safe, is it?
Yeah. Look at the state of it.
Where's safe? Where's familiar?
Where can I smoke?
Shaun: Take car, go to mum's.
Kill Phil. Sorry.
Grab Liz, go to the Winchester,
have a nice cold pint, and wait
for all this to blow over.
How's that
for a slice of fried gold?
Yeah, boy!
To recap, it is vital that
you stay in your homes.
Make no attempt
to reach loved ones
and avoid all physical contact
with the assailants.
Do you believe everything
you hear on TV?
Yeah, I can see if, I can see it.
It's just outside.
Any zombies out there?
Don't say that. What?
That. What?
That. The z word. Don't say it.
Why not?
Because it's ridiculous.
All right.
Are there any out there, though?
Can't see any. Maybe it's
not as bad as all that.
Oh, no, there they are.
Okay, let's do this, yeah?
Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
Yeah? I got to do a wee first.
Can I drive?
What? I've always wanted
to drive Pete's car.
I might not get another chance.
Okay.
Oh, god. Sorry, Pete. Listen, we're
gonna borrow your car, okay?
We'll bring it back. And if you're
feeling better later we're...
We're going to the pub.
So, you're more than welcome to
join us.
Pete'd be so pissed off if he
knew I was driving his car, eh?
I don't think so.
Shaun, Shaun, which
button's central locking?
Cock it!
Get lost!
Drive.
Woman on radio:
The church of england
has now joined other
extremist religious groups
in proclaiming the phenomenon,
a sign of a coming apocalypse...
Dad.
Although downing street is refusing
to be drawn into a religious debate.
Once again, the bodies of the recently
deceased are returning to life
and attacking the living.
There is no indication as to...
Let's put something else on.
Mee as ms gs se oe eet le fete cas ee se tw mw MMA ra a PR ef tt fa se os ff
2 lp I tar am m m2 in ot © = ste I El I ae ae oh re feet ne = er ce ses se
what are you doing? What?
Ed, look out!
I think we hit something.
Or someone.
Are you all right?
Come on, let's just go.
Hello?
He's gonna be dead either way.
Ed, that's not the point.
Oh, thank god for that.
Ah, hello.
Who's a pretty boy, then?
You didn't tell me
Barbara had a jag.
Oh, I've always wanted
to drive one of those.
Yeah, well, it's Philip's, okay?
And he won't let
anybody near it.
Honestly, I put half a Mars
bar in the glove box once,
and he chased me round the
garden with a bit of wood.
Fuck, it's gorgeous.
Okay, well, it seems pretty
clear, we should go.
Why don't I stay here?
What, what, what, what, what?
You know,
just look after the car.
If there's any
problems, I'll honk three times.
Okay.
Don't forget to kill Philip!
What?
Hello, pickle. Hi, mum.
Oh, you've got red on you. Yeah.
Look, mum, is everything okay?
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine. Where's Philip?
Dad's in the lounge.
He's not my dad.
Oh, Shaun, really.
Sorry. Mum, look,
I've got ed outside.
We're gonna take you
somewhere safe.
But we have to wait
for the doctor.
Mum, I don't think
the doctor's gonna come.
I don't think Philip's going to
want to leave the house, darling.
Mum, Philip isn't...
Put the kettle on,
and I'll deal with Philip.
Okay. Okay, then.
Are you hungry?
Yeah. No, not really!
I'll make some sandwiches. Okay.
No fighting, you two.
Man on TV: You may ask
"where is our god?"
But throughout the land,
men and women of integrity rise
up to confront the unseen enemy.
They will not be cowards, they will
be courageous in the face of danger.
I'm so sorry, Philip.
Ess en err re tree ne ses arses
eres ae es re eis ss si ee
what have you done now?
Nothing.
What have you got there?
Flowers, I hope.
No, it's... cricket bat.
Oh, is that
for the jumble, Shaun?
No. Yes.
There's a box
of your toys upstairs.
I was going to give
them to the jumble.
I took them all
to the tip, Barbara.
Oh, what? Shaun wants
to take us somewhere.
Don't be silly.
I'm not going anywhere.
Well, maybe you
should stay here.
You know, wait for the doctor,
and I'll take mum.
But you said
the doctor wasn't coming.
You didn't call
the doctor, did you?
Well, I thought we ought to be
on the safe side.
I'm quite all right, Barbara.
I ran it under a cold tap.
I really think...
We had our jabs when we
went to the isle of wight.
But, Philip... it's a lot
of overblown nonsense.
A lot of drug nuts running wild.
Still, 1 should get mum away,
you know,
just 'cause,
in case they come back.
I'm not going anywhere
without Philip.
Mum, look, how about that tea?
Mum? How much
do you love Philip?
Two sugars, is it?
I haven't had sugar
in my tea since 1982.
Oh, yes.
Will you cut me
some bread, love?
Mum, look, how much
do you love Philip?
Oh, Shaun, do we have to
go through all that again?
Mum, look, what would you say
if 1 told you
that over the years
Philip's been quite
unkind to me?
Well, you weren't always the
easiest person to live with.
Mum, he chased me around the
garden with a bit of wood!
Well, you did call him
a you-know-what.
Oh, what, did he tell you that?
Yes, he did.
Motherfucker. Shaun.
Sorry, mother, mum.
Look, mum, did you know that on
several occasions he touched me?
That wasn't true. Made it up,
shouldn't have done, sorry.
Mum, you don't
understand, okay...
No, it's you
that doesn't understand.
Philip is my husband and has
been for the last 17 years.
I know you haven't
always seen eye-to-eye,
but I would, at least, expect
you to respect my feelings.
You must be more adult
about these things.
Yeah, come on, Shaun.
There comes a time when
you just got to be a man.
I'm telling you,
it's a fuss over nothing.
Hello, Edward. Hi, Barbara.
Barbara: My, how you've grown.
Yeah, you better believe it.
What happened? Why is he coming?
It wasn't as easy as all that.
God's sake. So, we're
following you, are we”?
No, it's probably best
if we... where's the car?
I pranged it.
You were parked!
Yeah.
I guess we'll have to
take the jag.
Philip... ha
look out!
Philip: Christ!
Ed: Jesus!
Philip, give me the car keys!
You're not driving that car.
Philip! Give me the car keys!
Ed, get mum in the car.
I'm on it.
Shaun: Come on.
No, don't worry about me.
Worry about your mother.
Ed, maybe I should drive.
Man, I've adjusted the seat now.
All right, well, just,
you know, be careful!
Can you please
turn that noise down?
Are you all right, dear?
Would you like another tissue?
I'd be fine, if it weren't
for that bloody racket!
It is a bit loud.
Sorry, Barbara.
You do realize this is
a 20 mile an hour zone.
Oh, yeah.
Here.
Okay, mum, this isn't gonna
take a second, all right?
Philip, have you still got
the child locks on?
Safety first, Shaun.
You can't...
Hey, man, watch the leather.
Listen, okay, keep moving.
If there's any problems...
Yeah, yeah, I'll do the honks.
Dianne on speaker: Hello?
Hello?
Guys, can you let me in, please?
What are you doing?
I've come to get you.
Sorry, what are you doing?
I've come to take you
somewhere safe.
We were perfectly safe
before you arrived.
You don't know that.
Well, there was two of them
out there a minute ago.
How many are there now?
I” lots.
Look, believe me, it only takes one
of them to know you're in here.
Listen, I tried calling, I really
did, but I couldn't get through.
I had to come up with a plan.
Oh, you made a plan.
Look, I don't care what the
telly says, all right,
we have to get out of here.
If we don't, they'll come up here
and they'll tear us to pieces.
And that is really gonna
exacerbate things for all of us.
Shaun... look, Liz,
this is not about you
and me, all right?
This 1s about survival.
We need to be somewhere more
secure, somewhere on the ground,
somewhere we can stay alive.
We're with you, Shaun. What?
We're with you.
I'm not going out there.
Daffs! I don't want
to be torn to pieces,
and I'm sure if you really think
about it, neither do you.
I'm not going
if Liz is not going.
Of course she's going.
Well, I'm not staying here
by myself.
You're going,
aren't you, Elizabeth?
Lizzie? Liz?
All right, flash,
what do you have in mind?
Great, okay,
I've got a car outside,
but it's gonna be
a bit cramped now.
So, has anyone got transport?
Yes, yes.
Great. Where? Oh, no. Well,
I've passed my test.
David?
I don't see the point
of owning a car in London.
Look, okay, just get any blunt
objects together, all right?
If you get cornered, bash them
in the head, that seems to work.
Keep together,
stay sharp and follow me.
So, what...
What's the plan, then?
We're going to the Winchester.
Okay? Let's go.
Come on. Where's the car?
What's up, niggaz?
Okay, apologies for the cramped
conditions, everybody, okay?
Di, stay on David's lap?
Okay.
Philip, hang in there, okay?
Ed, get there fast, yeah? Yeah.
And, mum, this is Liz. Liz, mum.
Hello. Hello.
Ed. Shaun.
I know. Ed, be careful.
Is your dad all right?
He's not my dad.
Dianne: He's bleeding. Yeah, I know.
Ed, just be careful!
Thought you wanted
to get there fast?
I just want to get there
in one piece, okay?
And why are we going this way?
Chill out, it's a shortcut.
But that road goes straight
to the Winchester.
Ge gr ae see ss tees a es see le aar cai ee ee I ee seta ee paa fa
rr rt ss seer fre es ea aaiit, Lee eea I ee ll sr un ii ef ferrites
look, I know. Liz, please!
I still don't actually
understand
why we are going
to the Winchester.
Because it's a pub,
it's safe, it's secure.
They know us there.
What makes it so secure?
Because it's got big heavy doors and
deadbolts. You've been to a lock in.
Several. And there's a
rifle above the bar.
I would think that's deactivated.
Surely.
It's not. I'm telling you. John's
connected. Big al says so.
Yeah, well, big al also says
dogs can't look up!
They can't. Can't they?
No, they can't!
Of course they can!
Are you sure? I... yes, look, the
pub is the right place to go.
Okay? Everything
is gonna be fine, I promise.
Shaun?
I turned it off, all right?
It's not easy. What?
Being a father, it's not easy.
What?
You were 12 when I met you.
You'd already grown up so much.
I just wanted you to be strong
and not give up
because you lost your dad.
Philip, you don't
have to explain.
No, I do.
I always loved you, Shaun.
I always thought you had
it in you to do well.
And you just need motivation.
Somebody to look up to, and...
I thought it could be me.
Would you just take care
of your mum?
There's a good boy.
Ed, can you pull over?
Ed, please pull over. What for?
Ed, just pull over! All right.
Whoa, mama!
Christ! What the hell
do you think you're doing?
Chill out. Everyone's all right.
Stop telling me to chill out!
And no, for your information,
everybody is not all right.
Barbara: What's wrong?
Mum, it's Philip, he's gone.
Where's he gone?
Mum, he's dead.
No, he isn't.
Get out! Get out!
Oh, Jesus! Fuck, fuck.
It won't open! It won't open!
Ed, get the child locks!
Dianne: Come on, quick, come on.
Sere eases se seas ees cras lae tie
et terra, ee ae ee a rl sets aes
ed!
Now what?
We've got to keep moving.
How do we get Philip out the car?
Shaun: We haven't got time.
Liz: What about
the blunt objects?
Do you want to get them?
Shaun, we can't just leave your dad!
He's not my dad!
Oh, Shaun... mum, he was,
but he's not anymore!
I really think we could... no,
listen to me, mum, listen.
That's not even
your husband in there.
Okay? I know it looks like him,
but there is nothing of the man you
loved in that car now, nothing!
Let's go, shall we?
You're not seriously
suggesting we walk!
Everybody okay back there?
Oh, yeah, we're having
a whale of a time.
Maybe we should all hold
hands, like a crocodile?
Do you have any idea
where we're actually going?
David, come on. Sorry.
Do you, though?
Yeah, totally, totally.
Well, are we close?
We're pretty close.
Is your mum gonna be okay?
Yeah, I hope so.
Did you manage to get in
contact with your folks?
They're in Antigua. Do you
think this is happening there?
I hope not.
Listen, Liz, about last night. You know,
I know loads of things were said, but...
Shaun, you said
this wasn't about you and me.
No, no, it's not, but, I just...
You said it was about survival.
Yeah, it is,
but what I'm saying is...
You're not doing all this just
to prove something, are you?
No, of course not.
I just think...
Because I meant everything I said
last night. Nothing's changed.
Maybe this isn't the best time
to talk about it.
Okay... oh, my god!
Shaun.
Yvonne. How's it going?
Surviving. Hey, Liz.
Long time no see.
Hey, Yvonne.
This is my boyfriend, Declan.
My friends Mark, Maggie,
my mum and my cousin Tom.
This is Shaun
and his girlfriend Liz.
They've split up, actually.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
That's a shame.
Well, we should scoot.
Have you got
somewhere you're going?
Yeah, we're going
to the Winchester.
The pub?
Yeah. Right, well. Good luck!
Hil hi!
Hello. Hello.
Hi. Hi.
All right. All right.
See, what did I say? The
Winchester's just over there.
Over where? Over there.
Just over there,
over the 20 garden fences?
What's the matter, David,
never taken a shortcut before?
Shaun, I'm sure Jill and Derek
live round here.
Now, the Winchester is just
over that fence, all right?
So, everyone stay
where they are. I'll...
Hang on, are we all here?
One, two, three,
four, five. Yes.
There's six of us. Oh.
Mum!
I'm coming!
Mum, mum! Mum, are you okay?
Are you okay?
I don't think Jill and Derek
do live here.
Shaun?
Are you all right?
What are you doing?
Dianne: Shaun!
Yes!
No, that's rubbish.
Feel free to step in any time!
You did all right.
I didn't want
to cramp your style.
Why? I'm so sorry about that.
Right.
Okay, everyone just stay
where they are.
I'm gonna check
if the coast is clear.
Is it clear? No.
Liz: How many? Lots.
Oh, well, that is just great.
There are a fair
few of them, yes.
I trust Shaun has another
genius scheme up his sleeve?
This is hardly
constructive, David!
No, Lizzie,
this is a waste of time.
Aes El a a seta ease te sr es a ee te te
ee I rr ser me rer remap a te tet tst sass
yeah, why didn't you? Because...
Because... because,
because of captain wow!
Will you stop it!
Yes, we're not gonna get
anywhere by moaning.
Right, let's all shake out.
Get nice and limber. Or not.
Now, take another look at the way he moves.
Remember, very limp.
Almost like sleepwalking.
Look at the face, it's vacant
with a hint of sadness.
Like a drunk who's lost a bet.
Okay, let's try, shall we? Liz.
Nice, good vocal work. Okay.
Barbara, that's excellent.
Sorry, dear, I was miles away.
Daffs.
Come on!
Okay. It's mournful, sorrowful,
you're dead,
and you hate it. Go.
Much better. Ed.
I'll do it on the night.
This is the night!
What is that? What about yours?
Who died and made you
fucking king of the zombies?
Don't.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Okay, right.
Let's all try together,
shall we?
One, two, three.
Go, go, go, go.
Shit. Get round me,
get round me.
John? John, Bernie,
are you there?
It's Shaun and ed.
We come in all the time.
They can hear you.
We do the quiz.
They know.
Stay in character, daffs!
I can't see them.
Shaun, we have to get inside.
Break the window. Don't be stupid,
we'll be totally exposed!
We are totally exposed.
Break the window!
Is there another way in?
Well, yeah, there's...
Two seconds.
Hey, noodle.
You all right, mate?
Yeah, man, I can't really talk now.
Did you get anything yet?
I got nothing. Really?
No, I'm right
in the middle of something.
A bit mentalist, isn't it?
Yeah, it's weird, isn't it?
Oil what are you doing?
What am I doing? What are you
doing, you stupid moron?
Fuck off. You fuck off!
Fuck fucking off!
Liz: Shaun... I've spent an entire life...
Look at me.
I've spent my entire life
sticking my neck out for you,
and all you ever do
is fuck things up!
Fuck things up
and make me look stupid!
Well, I'm not gonna let you
do it anymore. Not today.
Shaun...
On.
You were saying
about another way in?
Yeah, there's a...
What are you doing?
No!
Get inside!
No, they'll follow us!
What? They'll follow us.
Just keep up the act, I'm
gonna have to do something.
What do you mean,
"do something"?
Hello, hello,
over here, over here!
Come on, come on, that's it, yeah, come
on, come on, that's it, over here!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, over here!
Yeah, come on!
Oh, bollocks. Okay, wait till
I've gone, then get inside!
Gone where? Gone where?
I won't be long, I promise.
Come on, you
pasty-faced fuckers, let's go!
Follow me. Come on, let's go!
Come on, this way,
this way, that's it, come on!
Come on. This way, follow me.
Come on, follow me. Come on!
Come and get it!
It's a running buffet!
All you can eat!
Shall we go in, then?
Come on, Barbara. Leave those.
I think they're for me.
He's been gone
a good 20 minutes.
Seventeen.
Either way, we need to think about
blocking up this window here.
We're totally exposed.
How will Shaun get back in?
I'm sure he'll knock.
Oh, for goodness sake,
let's get some lights on here.
David, wait!
Power's off.
That's a good thing.
We don't want to advertise our
whereabouts more than we already have.
No, of course not.
Do we, David?
No, of course not, Lizzie.
I'm just being proactive.
There's no lights, there's no power.
Where are the owners?
And there's that bloody
great hole in the window.
You did that, you twat!
Somebody had to do something!
I don't know
if you noticed back there,
but we were in a spot of bother.
Somebody has to take control
of the situation,
and if none of you are prepared
to accept that responsibility
then perhaps I should.
Will Shaun be gone long?
Liz: He'll be back soon.
How can you know that?
I don't think
he'd leave us, daffs.
Wouldn't he? Lizzie, how can
you put your faith in a man
you spectacularly binned
for being unreliable?
A man whose idea
of a romantic nightspot
and an impenetrable fortress
are the same thing.
This is a pub! We are in a pub!
What are we going to do?
I could get a round in.
Look, let's just keep quiet
and wait for Shaun.
We can barricade the window
when he gets back.
What then? How long?
Days? Weeks? A month?
What about food?
What are we going to eat?
Toasties! Yeah, there's
a breville out back.
Oh, great, then!
Saved by nibbles!
That must be why Shaun took us
here before he buggered off.
He's coming back!
Why? Because he promised?
And even if he does, do you think
his master plan's going to extend
to anything more than sitting
and eating peanuts in the dark?
What, is he just gonna stroll in
and suddenly everything's
gonna be okay?
I don't know, David!
I don't know any more
than you do.
But what I do know is
that we're here now
and we have to make
the best of it!
Ed, get me a double vodka.
Right you are.
Think I'll have
a drink, too, actually.
Would you like a drink, Barbara?
Hello.
Right, great, fuck it. That's what
we'll do, that's what we'll do.
We'll all have a party.
How about that?
We all get completely smashed.
Oh, look, we've got our nibbles.
We've got our mini cheddars...
David! We got twiglets.
Oh, look, hog lumps.
Pickle.
Hello, mum. You all right?
Everybody okay? Yeah.
Any sign of John and Bernie?
We haven't seen them.
Check upstairs?
I think it's locked.
What's the phone situation?
Dead. Same as the power.
Okay.
Nice of you to join us.
Yeah, well,
I promised, didn't I?
How did you lose them?
I just gave them the slip. Wasn't
difficult. They're not all that.
Well, how did you get in?
There is a back door, David.
I tried to tell you before you
went and smashed the window.
Well, I wasn't the one
who was blowing our cover
by having a tiff
with my boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend.
Might be a bit warm,
the cooler's off.
Thanks, babe.
So, what's the plan, then?
Would anyone like a peanut?
Why don't you do your Clyde?
Oh, come... has anyone seen
every which way but loose?
Ed does the most amazing
impression of the orangutan.
No, it's not.
It is. Come on. Do it.
No, no. But it's brilliant.
Come on, just do it.
Do it, it'll work.
You've built it up too much,
I feel uncomfortable.
No, you don't. Just do it.
Oh, come on, do it.
See. Everyone wants to see it.
We could do with a laugh.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Come on, do it.
I'm not a performing monkey.
The power's on. It's
not, I tried it earlier.
No, but the streetlights have come on.
It means the grid isn't out.
It's the fuses. I'll just flip them
back on, we can watch television.
Liz: What about the lights?
Yes, we don't want to advertise our
whereabouts more than we already have.
The lights operate
on a separate circuit,
I'll just flip
the mains breakers.
It's quite simple, David.
Is that it? Liz: That's it!
Liz, have you got a quid?
Yeah.
Never anything on, is there?
What?
I think we might have
a bit of a problem.
What do you mean?
They followed me.
I thought you said
you gave them the slip.
Well, we'll just have to be
extra quiet, then, won't we?
What?
Ed, no! Ed, no!
Turn it off!
Shit!
Where the hell did he come from?
I don't know.
Who the hell put this on?
It's on random.
For fuck's sake!
Okay, dianne, get mum somewhere safe.
David, kill the queen.
What? The jukebox!
Liz, ed, grab something weapony.
Ed: What about the rifle?
It's not real!
Cocktails? What do you mean?
The flaming spirits. Drambuie, Sambuca,
Brandy. Get a rag in. Light it.
But the whole place could go up.
What, then?
How about pool?
Okay, John,
it's time at the bar!
I can't find the switches!
Well, then get the fuses!
Why is queen still on?
We have a situation!
I know!
Fuck this. Ed!
Two seconds.
Oil
Shaun!
No!
Yes! Yes! In the head!
Shauny!
Why didn't you
just shoot him, man?
Ed, for the last time, it's...
I fucking knew it!
What did I tell you?
Big al was right.
Okay,
but dogs can look up.
Okay, has anyone fired a gun before?
Oh, yeah.
Apart from David and ed?
Sorry, what was Ed's experience?
I think you should do it.
I think we should all do it.
How can five people
operate one gun?
None of us have any real experience, okay?
Now, we've only got...
Twenty-nine.
Twenty-nine bullets.
Call them "shells."
We've only got 29 shells,
we really need to work
together on this.
I need someone
to help me reload,
everyone else to look out.
I will fire.
As bertrand Russell once said,
"the only thing that will
redeem mankind is cooperation.”
I think we can all appreciate
the relevance of that now.
Was that on the back
of a beer mat?
Yeah, it was
guinness extra cold.
They definitely want to come in.
Get mum out of the way.
David, dianne, let's go.
Ed, give me some shells.
Barbara? Oh, hello.
Would you like to come with me?
That would be lovely.
It's nice to meet you, finally.
Shaun's always
talking about you.
Really? Yeah.
Barbara?
Are you all right?
I've got something for you.
Shaun's father gave me this.
Shaun's real father, I mean.
I'd like you to have it.
Barbara, Shaun and I have...
It seems only right.
I didn't want to say anything.
I thought Shaun
would be worried.
Liz? David: Here they come!
Stay behind me! Stay behind me!
There's one!
Sorry, we're closed!
Try the safety button. Yeah,
that happened to me on stage.
Cock it!
Over there! Over where?
3:00.
Over there again.
Quarter to twelve.
What?
11:45. Keep it simple!
Top left.
Reload. I'm on it!
Nice shot.
Okay, David, dianne,
let's block up this window!
Ed, take over a sec.
Shaun: What is it? What's wrong?
Liz: Shaun, I'm so sorry.
Mum, what's wrong?
Mum, I don't understand.
The man in his pajamas...
I didn't want to say anything,
I thought you'd be upset.
No, you should've said.
Take over a sec. What?
What's going on?
What's up? What's wrong?
What the hell's going on?
Barbara's hurt!
Mum. Just take over a minute.
Jesus. Dianne: I know first aid.
Just hang on. Mum?
Mum? Is she...
Shaun...
Just hold on, mum,
you're gonna be fine.
I never thanked you. For what?
For these. "To a wonderful mum."
It's been a funny
sort of day, hasn't it?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Come on, mum,
come on, mum stop it, stop it, stop it.
Don't, mum. Please don't go.
What are you doing?
We have to deal with her.
Daffs!
For Christ's sake!
She's gonna come back!
She's not gone anywhere.
Well, she'll change.
She's my mum.
She's a zombie. Don't say that!
Move aside.
I'm gonna count to three.
One, two, three!
Don't point that gun at my mum!
Shaun, calm down!
Don't point that gun at Barbara!
Ed, don't exacerbate things!
What does that mean?
This isn't exactly fair!
Here. Thank you.
Ed: It's okay.
Please, can we just stop
and think about this?
Tell him to put the gun down!
Look, Lizzie, she's gonna change.
You know I'm right.
And when she does, she'll come
back and she'll kill all of us.
That's what your ex
can't seem to realize.
That's what this
is about, isn't it?
It's just... he just...
He doesn't like Mel
he's always hated me and now
he wants to shoot my mum!
She's not...
You've never thought I deserved
her, that I was good enough.
What are you talking about?
Oh, come on, we all know
you're in love with Liz!
That is not true!
Yes, it is! That is not true.
Dianne: Yes, it is. What?
I know you only hung out with me
at college to get close to Liz.
And when she knocked you back,
I was there
to pick up the pieces.
I've come to terms with
that, daffs, why can't you?
Lizzie, I want you to know
that my feelings for you
have always been essentially...
David, please! There are slightly
more pressing matters at hand here!
Like the fact that "daffs"
is pointing a gun at my mum!
For Christ's sake,
she's not dead!
She's finished! For a hero,
you're quite a hypocrite!
You're the one
that's gone from being
a chartered accountant
to charlton heston!
I'm not a chartered accountant!
Well, you look like one!
Yeah! I'm a lecturer!
You're a twat! Yeah!
She's not your mum anymore! In a
minute she'll be just another zombie!
Don't say that.
We're not using the z word.
Please, can we just
calm the fuck down?
Now, I can see
what David is trying to say...
Thank you, Lizzie.
Even if he is being a twat!
Yep.
And, Shaun, Shaun, look at me.
I can't begin to imagine
how hard this must be for you,
but we can't afford
to fall apart.
Shaun, babe, I know
you don't wanna hear this.
You do it.
I'm sorry, mum.
Do it!
Well, I think we're all agreed,
you did the right thing there.
David, no!
David.
Right, I'm leaving.
What? I'm not staying here.
David, don't, it's suicide.
I think you should go.
We will. We can run,
we can defend ourselves.
What do you mean "we?"
What do you mean,
"what do I mean 'we"?
Opening that door now would be a
very, very silly thing to do.
So, are you gonna stay
here with him?
Look, Shaun... after everything
he's gotten us into!
You let me finish!
Shaun didn't ask you
to come here.
You came for the same
reason that I did,
'cause you didn't know
what else to do.
Get away from that door
this instant!
But... David!
I'm so sorry, dianne.
Maybe I'm not the one
you should be apologizing to.
Shaun...
David! No!
No, no, no, no!
David!
No, no!
Dianne, no! Dianne, no!
I'm coming, David!
David! David!
Oh, dear.
Cocktails? Do it.
Stay back!
Shaun, hold them!
Heads!
Ed! Hurry up!
Shauny, look who it is.
Fuck-a-doodle-doo!
Ed!
Shaun! Ed!
Don't groan at me,
you thick fuck!
I can't hold them!
No!
Shaun! Petel
I said, leave him alone!
Ed! Ed!
Shaun, bar!
Ed!
What?
Chuck us a cloth will you?
Where are the shells?
They're on the bar.
Oh, fuck!
Fuck it!
What are we gonna do?
Where are we gonna go?
The cellar!
Maybe we can get out.
There's a barrel hatch
that leads into the street.
You mean go back outside?
Oh, give us a fucking break!
Go! Gol
I can see the street.
Come on.
Come on!
Why won't it open?
That's it, isn't it?
We're trapped.
"Hey, let's go
to the Winchester!"
Whose fucking idea was that?
Man, I've really
ballsed this up.
No, you haven't. I have, Liz.
I couldn't save us.
I couldn't save di or David. I couldn't
even save my mum. I'm useless.
You shouldn't feel
so responsible, you tried.
You did something,
that's what counts.
Yeah, I suppose.
Do you think
they'll get through?
Yeah.
How many shells
have we got left?
Two. I suppose we could take a few
of them out if they stand in a line.
I wasn't thinking about them.
I know.
What about ed?
There's only two shells.
I don't mind being eaten.
How are we gonna do this?
I don't know.
One of us has to go first.
Maybe one should do the other
and then do themselves.
Maybe you should do me. I'll only
muck it up if I have to do myself.
Do you know, I don't think
I've got it in me
to shoot my flatmate, my mum and my
girlfriend all in the same evening.
What makes you think
I've taken you back?
You don't want to die
single, do you?
Ed: Actually, I would like
to be shot.
Besides, I've changed. I haven't had
a fag since yesterday, I promise.
He hasn't.
Maybe we should have one now.
What...
You left them in my flat.
Yeah, in the bin.
I was desperate.
Sneaky monkey.
Sorry.
I won't say anything.
Come on,
we're getting out of here.
I might just stay here.
Yeah, but we can get out.
I think you two
should make a go of it.
What are you talking about?
I only hold you back.
Yeah, but...
Maybe you should have this.
Don't you want it?
No. I can't hit anything
with it anyway, I'm rubbish.
Ed, I'm sorry.
What for?
'Cause I was shouting
at you earlier on.
It's all right. I'm sorry, too.
It's okay.
No, I'm sorry, Shaun.
Oh, god, god. That's not funny.
I'll stop doing them
when you stop laughing.
I'm not laughing.
You better be off.
Bye, ed. Love you.
Cheers.
I love you, too, man.
Gay!
Ready?
Ready.
Soldier: Section one. Ready.
Zombies to your front. Fire!
Section one.
Targets to your front. Fire!
Oh, my god. Shaun!
Yvonne?
How you doing?
Surviving. Surviving.
They're taking us
somewhere safe.
I thought you two might wanna...
Soldier: Move it! ...Tag along.
Is it just the two of you?
Well, glad somebody made it.
Come on.
Man on TV: Next, we'll hear the story
of 10-year-old Enrique romerez
who fought off the reanimated
corpses of his entire family.
It's all coming right up
on zombies from hell.
Male reporter: Six months on
and to many
the events of z-day
must seem like a bad dream.
And as we now know, the phenomenon
resulted from the use of highly...
Hot something I ever expected
as a newscaster
to have to say on air.
"Removing the head or destroying
the brain." Incredible.
Dead excited now, to have a top band
with us, talking about their work,
for the charity zombaid.
Female reporter: The fact
that the mobile deceased
retained their primal instincts
make them ideal recruitment
for the service industry.
As well as proving themselves
useful in other roles, such as...
Man: He can't quite get it.
He's fallen, he's down!
I don't see
nothing wrong with it,
but I know that some people would
see something wrong with it.
But he's my husband, you know.
I still love him, and I still got
the ring on my finger, Trisha.
You go to bed with it?
Course I do.
Trisha: All right. Okay, you can't
understand why she's with him.
Okay, what do you say to people that
criticize you for being with...
Woman: Well, they don't have...
Male reporter: Initial claims
that the virus was caused
by rage infected monkeys
have now been dismissed as...
Hello.
What's the plan, then?
Right, a cup of tea,
then we get the Sundays.
Head down the Phoenix
for a roast,
veg out in the pub for a bit,
then wander home, watch a
bit of telly, go to bed.
Perfect.
I'll get the kettle on.
Can I have two sugars, please?
Adventurous.
Actually, I might
pop into the garden for a bit.
Go on, then.
Two seconds.
Male voice on TV: Player two
has entered the game.
Ed!
Yes!
Ooh, you make me live
whatever this world
can give to me
it's you, you're all I see
ooh, you make me live now honey
ooh, you make me live
oh, you're the best friend
that I ever had
I've been with you
such a long time
you're my sunshine
and I want you to know
that my feelings are true
I really love you
oh, you're my best friend
ooh, you make me live
ooh, I've been wandering round
but I still come back to you
still come back to you
in rain or shine
you've stood by me, girl
I'm happy at home
you're my best friend
ooh, you make me live
you, you're my best friend